- 👋 Hi, I’m @systemofallSALLtoken
- 👀 I’m interested in highest technology known, making possible to read human mind. Do not be afraid. We are converting dark web in to something modern, making you possible to understand this great technology. It exists in the most friendly way, so do not be afraid. You can find it as well in medical tech. It make us possible to develope medical and other deveices, which you "would not imagine", making people lives easier. Just ckeck by yourself. Go to Youtube or any other chanel, and look for "Bionic arm with sense of touch". What a great amazing peace of hi-tech art. We are doing everithin possible to help to those, who still did not hear about this great technology and achievements, including ours. As we sucessfully proved human technological abuses scientifically, as first ever, we suported as well United States Government in their toughest times ever, due the attack on their government employees, embasies, even on the White House. Read more about it on Wikipedia and other webistes under Havana Syndrome name. After more as a decade of researches and fights, we sucessfully gathered more as several hundred hours of real scientifical proves, confirming, Human Technological abuses are real. We were fighting to prevent mental auses and abuses with diagnoses of those, which are under the technological attack. We were fighting for them to be trated as a victims of the technological attack, technology to be regulated, law accepted and crimes to be prosecuted. People lives and existance, to be finally protected, specially from children. They do not understand what this technology is, they can not speak for themselves, but we can. We suceeded after more as seven thousand email sent world wide, and after four years and half, law was finaly accepted. In September 2021, Senat Of United State s Of America voted Havana Syndrome act with 427 votes. Support was amazing. But this is only one part. The best is, we are working through entire planet, wthrough every industry known and unknown. We are working on the researches considering finance, intelligence, space, life science, military, environment, entertainment, telecomunication, and others, creating the best solutions and results in specificated field. Token SALL is as well one of the most specificated Token investment solutions, considering development research, taking in to consideration every sucessful and less sucessful token on the market. Research in scale so big, brought us to development of SALL Token and its specificated functions, which yuo will adorse as investor. We learned extremely a lot from other tokens and current colapses. Token SALL is created to walk through those problems.    
- This way we are researching markets and blockchains, giving you opportunities for the safest lowest fee payments and investments world wide.   
- 🌱 I’m currently learning how tokens and curencies behave, to give most of this knowledge to you. 
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on intelligence, space, life science, defence, environment, entertainment, telecomunication, finance, jurisdiction, and other industries.
- 📫 How to reach me? Easy. To make it easy for every user, just find os on fiftheen social media sites, including tweeter, linkedin, facebook / meta, discord, quora, truth social media, tik tok, and many others. You can contact us ae well per email, info@systemofalltoken.com, or visit our website systemofalltoken.com and fill out the form.

<!---
systemofalltoken/systemofalltoken is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
